Logical early game, story pathways

Hello there. Can you hear me okay?
	A)Yes.
		Ah good. Can you see me or is your vision messed up?
			"Messed up" is one way to describe it.
				All darkness and spinning lights?? It's a common side effect, but at least you're not in a rage anymore. 
				This extra shot should fix your vision. You'll feel a little prick right about...
				... Now [pulse of colour, vision fixes]
			I can only really see the hoverbed and myself.
				Ahh don't worry. We can fix it if you give me a second. [goes to "This extra shot..."]
			Why??
				Sometimes the meds you are on cause temporary problems with vision.
				How many fingers am I holding up?
					No idea, can't see.
						Okay we'll soon have the sorted [goes to fixing the vision]
					(random guess)
						Ha! trick question! You clearly cannot see. [goes to fixing the vision]
					Trick question?
						sure sure, you got me, but I don't think you can see. [goes to fixing the vision]
	B)Yes, though I can't see you!
		Ah yes, temporary vision loss can occur unfortunately. It'll return shortly.
	c)Is someone there??
		Yes, I'm here next to you
	D)(Remain silent)
		(1st run)Hmm, no immediate response. Pulse seems good. Brain activity is a little unusual, but nothing we wouldn't expect from their condition and the meds they're on. I'll check the others and try again in a minute 
			(walks out, doors close behind
				(back to "Hello there. ..." and add to a silence counter)
		(2nd run) 
		
	E)EFUGY BLA BLORP FORP!!! (whilst throwing arms around)
		Oh dear, looks like this one isn't responding well to the meds, better try something else. Guard, would you restrain their left arm so that I can get a dose of this in.
			NO NO NO, I'm fine now!
				Ahh ha! Just a ruse was it?! You scum of the moon! 
				You've just earnt yourself another trip to happyville.
					(accept fate)
					(Try to escape on the hoverbed)
						hoverbed action bit
			(Try to escape on the hoverbed)
				hoverbed action bit [Would need visual clues to where the door is before this point]
			BLORP A FORP QUART! DOE FLOE MAPPA FLAPPA WAG! (writhe manically)
				NOW! (GRABBED ... dose goes in, effect takes ahold)
			