Rec5 - Recovery room at the NE corner of the Asylum. Also right next door to the starting room. Maybe it could have a busted door that the Asylum are aware of, so they don't use it at the moment - this could make a place for the player char to hide themself or things they don't want found on them.
Corridor end - North end with rooms to each side but no door to the north - so good location for something that would block the view of the game usually (due to the camera viewpoint). North wall is also an external wall - maybe have a window that can let light in? It's near to the starting room, so if we want the players to be able to solar rage in the opening division of the building, this is the perfect spot for that. 
Rec6 Recovery room 6. Maybe there's another patient in here. Her name could be Sally.







Rec3 Recovery room 3 - the starting room
Corridor middle - runs North - South, has start room to West and another recovery room to East
Rec4 Recovery room 4. Another patient?


Corridor (not in starting area, nor near exit - probably off limits in the game for a while)




Rec1 Recovery room 1 - Southern neighbour to the starting room and on the same corridor. Has a monitoring station to the south of that, so maybe this is the room for the most closely monitored patient in the wing.
Corridor - this part is one screen to the south of the one you'd come in from the starting room, but is one more from the guard post before the locked door.
Rec2 Recovery room 2 - 







Monitoring room - 
Guard post in corridor- the guard on weekday day duty on this post is called Evelyn. Guards on this post prevent people going to the locked door.
Bathroom - with stalls for patients as well as staff.

Office - the back office part of the main reception






Locked doorway - or rather it requires a keycard to get through
Triage room / assessment room. One of 2 rooms where patients being brought in to the asylum can be triaged and assessed.
Triage room / assessment room. One of 2 rooms where patients being brought in to the asylum can be triaged and assessed.
Main reception
Guard post in corridor





Corridor - going eastward, from the recovery rooms, past the triage rooms, then the main reception and corridor south to exit, then continuing further eastward 
Corridor - going eastward, from the recovery rooms, past the triage rooms, then the main reception and corridor south to exit, then continuing further eastward 
Corridor - going eastward, from the recovery rooms, past the triage rooms, then the main reception and corridor south to exit, then continuing further eastward 
Corridor - going eastward, from the recovery rooms, past the triage rooms, then the main reception and corridor sout
sh to exit, then continuing further eastward. Off this section is: to north - Main Reception, to south - corridor goind to exit.
Corridor - going eastward, from the recovery rooms, past the triage rooms, then the main reception and corridor south to exit, then continuing further eastward 







Corridor going south









Corridor going south









Guard post in corridor going south - the final guard to get past before you leave out the main entrance/exit
