BETA NOTES (visible in online documentation)
Known imperfections:
Game isn't finished
Developer isn't earning off it yet
When I played it in the browser on my Xbox hooked up to my TV the rainbow width and height was huge, which caused it to look obviously like a square with rounded corners
--I'm sure there's some other stuff, but basically I'm pretty darn proud of where I've managed to get this project

FIXES  AND IMPROVEMENTS!! YAY!!  -- Newer updates at the bottom of this
We're now actually sort of saving the name when we take it yet - it's not used anywhere yet, and it's not permenantly saving it anywhere - it's just stored in a JavaScript variable
The keyboard controls are now only active on the actual playable level - so if you type a name with a,w,s or d or use the arrow keys you can no longer get an alert saying that you've bumped into a wall!!!
Rainbow vortex on screen throughout the story (without the extra border and without controls until you get to that point)
	Now also moves during that time, stops when you get control, and theres a neat handover now where it's like oh the rainbow has stopped spinning lets try moving.
Swapped the alerts that happened when you collided into walls, with text at the top - so much nicer to play
Keyboard controls stated on screen when you can move, next to the buttons (much better UX)

Slightly less reliant on people guessing to click text now, as I've put a hint on screen002. I'll work on full fix for next update.
	Some more work done - automatically moves people from screen001 to screen002 after a few seconds (I've also done some of the coding for the next/back buttons, but they're not quite ready to go in yet thanks to bugs)

Story improvements - it now feels more like you're a crazy person - it's a bit more chilling and captivating
Found and immediatly fixed a bug where if you where fast moving on from the opening screens, the code meant to automatically move on from screen001 to screen002 had the effect of loading screen002 while keeping whatever screen you'd got to up - now it will only auto show screen002 and try to remove screen001 if you are actually still on screen001 at the time
rainbowVortex no longer has a visible lag

Added Previous and Next buttons! They show or are hidden depending on what's apropriate for the screen you are on, but always in the same place. (These where trickier and more long winded to get working than you might expect!)
Replaced a previously kludgey bit of code for keeping the rainbow vortex inside the game area

Just rolled out a huge quality improvement - particularly for mobile, but also nicer for desktop too.



